DBZ-7062 Update transformation property "delete.tombstone.handling.mode" to debezium doc (#4956)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/transformations/mongodb-event-flattening.adoc

|{prodname} generates a tombstone record for each `delete` operation.
The default behavior is that event flattening SMT removes tombstone records from the stream.
To retain tombstone records in the stream, specify `drop.tombstones=false`.
[NOTE]
====

> Note: It will be removed in further release, use xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`] instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is scheduled for removal in a future release.
In its place, use the xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`] option.
```

 +
If you set the `rewrite` option, you might find that the updated, simplified records for `DELETE` operations are sufficient for tracking deleted records.
In such a case, you might want the SMT to xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-drop-tombstones[drop tombstone records].
[NOTE]
====

> Note: It will be removed in further release, use xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`] instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is scheduled for removal in a future release.
In its place, use the xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`] option.
```

====

> |[[mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode]]xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`]
> |
> |{prodname} generates a change event record for each `DELETE` operation. It will determine the event flattening SMT how to handle `DELETE` events from the stream.
> 
> `drop`:: The SMT removes both the `DELETE` event and `TOMBSTONE` from the stream.
> `tombstone`:: The SMT only keeps the `TOMBSTONE` in the stream. The record contains only `"value": "null"`.
> `rewrite`:: The SMT keeps the change event record in the stream and edit the record to have a `value` field that contains the key/value pairs that were in the `before` field and also add `+__deleted: true+` to the `value` and remove the `TOMBSTONE`. This is another way to indicate that the record has been deleted.
> `rewrite-with-tombstone`:: The SMT has the same behavior from `rewrite` except to keep the `TOMBSTONE`.
> [NOTE]
> ====
> Note: When specify a value from above will enable this new config in event flatting SMT, it has a higher priority than the deprecated xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-drop-tombstones[`drop.tombstones`] and xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-handling-mode[`delete.handling.mode`].
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[[mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode]]xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-tombstone-handling-mode[`delete.tombstone.handling.mode`]
|No default
|{prodname} generates a change event record for each `DELETE` operation. 
This setting determines how the MongoDB event flattening SMT handles `DELETE` events in the stream.

[NOTE]
====
The setting for this option takes precedence over any conflicting settings that you might configure for the deprecated xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-drop-tombstones[`drop.tombstones`] or xref:mongodb-extract-new-record-state-delete-handling-mode[`delete.handling.mode`] options.
====

Set one of the following options:

`drop`:: The SMT removes both `DELETE` events and `TOMBSTONE`records from the stream.
`tombstone` (default):: The SMT retains `TOMBSTONE` records in the stream.
The `TOMBSTONE` record contains only the following value: `"value": "null"`.
`rewrite`:: The SMT retains the change event record in the stream and makes the following changes:

* Adds a `value` field to the record that contains the key/value pairs from the `before` field of the original record.
* Adds `+__deleted: true+` to the `value` of the record.
* Removes `TOMBSTONE` records.
+
This setting provides another way to indicate that the record has been deleted.

`rewrite-with-tombstone`:: The SMT behaves as it does when you select the `rewrite` options, except that it also retains `TOMBSTONE` records.
```
